yixxas

high

# Only one of each collateral pair pool can be deployed for different interest rates

## Summary
Pools with the same collateral pair with different interest rates are considered the same by the protocol. This means that if, for example a DAI/USDC pool is deployed with 1% interest rate, we cannot deploy any other pool of a different interest rate for this pair. This is not ideal as it means that a malicious user can deploy a pool with either `MAX_RATE` or `MIN_RATE` for all pairs and force this interest rate upon users.

## Vulnerability Detail
Anyone can interact with the pool factory to `deployPool()`. The pool deployer only ensures that inputted parameters are valid using the `canDeploy()` parameter. 

```solidity
modifier canDeploy(bytes32 subsetHash_, address collateral_, address quote_, uint256 interestRate_) {
	if (collateral_ == address(0) || quote_ == address(0))              revert IPoolFactory.DeployWithZeroAddress();
	if (deployedPools[subsetHash_][collateral_][quote_] != address(0)) revert IPoolFactory.PoolAlreadyExists();
	if (MIN_RATE >= interestRate_ || interestRate_ >= MAX_RATE)         revert IPoolFactory.PoolInterestRateInvalid();
	_;
}
```

However, we observe that because the checks are done independantly, once a certain collateral/quote pair pool is deployed, another one cannot be deployed even if a different interest rate value is used. This means that each token pairing pool can only exist one interest rate which is decided by the first deployer of the pool.

## Impact
A malicious user can always frontrun pool deployment to be the first deployer. They can then force their desired interest rate of a certain token pair pool, and prevent other users from deploying another pool of a different interest rate.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-ajna/blob/main/contracts/src/base/PoolDeployer.sol#L38-L43

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider making pools with same collateral/quote token pairing but different interest rates to be unique pools.
