ctf_sec

medium

# Lack of support for NFT utility such as NFT airdrop or Uniswap V3 NFT trading Fee in ERC721Pool

## Summary

Lack of contract support for NFT utility such as NFT airdrop or Uniswap V3 NFT trading Fee

## Vulnerability Detail

The current implementation of the ERC721Pool can pull the NFT in the ERC721Pool when user wants to draw debt as collateral

```solidity
function _transferFromSenderToPool(
	uint256[] storage poolTokens_,
	uint256[] calldata tokenIds_
) internal {
	bool subset   = _getArgUint256(SUBSET) != 0;
	uint8 nftType = _getArgUint8(NFT_TYPE);

	for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokenIds_.length;) {
		uint256 tokenId = tokenIds_[i];
		if (subset && !tokenIdsAllowed[tokenId]) revert OnlySubset();
		poolTokens_.push(tokenId);

		if (nftType == uint8(NFTTypes.STANDARD_ERC721)){
			_transferNFT(msg.sender, address(this), tokenId);
		}
		else if (nftType == uint8(NFTTypes.CRYPTOKITTIES)) {
			ICryptoKitties(_getArgAddress(COLLATERAL_ADDRESS)).transferFrom(msg.sender ,address(this), tokenId);
		}
		else{
			ICryptoPunks(_getArgAddress(COLLATERAL_ADDRESS)).buyPunk(tokenId);
		}

		unchecked { ++i; }
	}
}
```

Then the NFT remains in the ERC721Pool until the borrower pay the debt and re-claim the NFT.

Lack of support for NFT utility such as NFT airdrop or Uniswap V3 NFT trading fee in ERC721Pool

## Impact

Let me be specific and start with a very popular NFT: Uniswap V3 Position NFT.

When the liquidity provider provide liqudity in Uniswap V3 Pool, a NFT is minted.

The NFT owner is entitled to claim the trading fee.

However when the NFT remains in the ERC721Pool smart contract, no one can claim the trading fee. 

Neither the borrower nor the lender can claim the trading fee.

Without letting the borrower claim the trading fee, the borrwer's position is under-valued and the trading fee is claimable once the NFT is liquidated, this mechanism disincentivize the borrower to user Uniswap V3 NFT as collateral.

Such logic applies to lack of support for NFT airdrop.

If the airdropped token get directly airdropped to the ERC721Pool, the airdropped token is lost, neither lender nor borrower can clalim the token.

If the owner of the NFT can claim the airdrop, the NFT is locked in the ERC721Pool and the borrower cannot claim the airdropped, if his position get liquidated, the liqudiator claim the airdrop.

Also when the collateral is deposited, there can be unclaimed airdrop or staked token attached to the NFT.

For example, if the NFT collateral is bored APE, it is possible that the user staked some APE for a bored APE before hand. but these staked ape pool is not claimable once the collateral is transferred to the ERC721Pool.

Then it is possible that the liquidator can claim the staked APE token + the staking reward, which is great loss for borrower because the valuation does not count the staked token.

https://www.cybavo.com/blog/apecoin-bayc-airdrop-flash-loan-exploit/

To sum it up, the lack of support for NFT utility such as NFT airdrop or Uniswap V3 NFT trading Fee in ERC721Pool
can let borrower suffer loss and make them very much less motiviated to use the NFT that can even potential have airdrop or additional liquidity as collateral to borrow token, which generate yields for lenders.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-ajna/blob/main/contracts/src/ERC721Pool.sol#L551-L583

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend the protocol implement flashFlash function to let the borrower flash claim the airdrop or trading fee as long as the owenrship of the NFT remains in the ERC721Pool in the end of the transaction.

