Jeiwan

high

# Loan can be "taken" after it became collateralized as a result of a recovered LUP

## Summary
A loan can be liquidated ("taken") if it's collateralized as per the current LUP. This happens because LUP may recover after the loan was kicked, but there's no check in `take` function for whether the loan is collateralized again.
## Vulnerability Detail
As per the whitepaper:
> If the loan becomes fully collateralized again because of paying down debt (either due to purchases in the auction, or the borrower repaying debt), pledges of additional capital, or the LUP moving up above the loan’s TP, the loan is removed from liquidation. 

Thus, it's expected that, after LUP has moved above the loan's TP, the liquidation of the loan should be cancelled, the collateral should be returned to its owner, and the 90-day interest penalty to be subtracted from borrower's total debt. However, this doesn't happen.

The liquidation process is implemented in two stages:
1. Liquidation is started by [kicking](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-ajna/blob/main/contracts/src/base/Pool.sol#L261) a loan position. Kicking is only possible when the position is [undercollaterlaized](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-ajna/blob/main/contracts/src/libraries/external/Auctions.sol#L789-L791), i.e. the value of the collateral at the current LUP is [less than the debt](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-ajna/blob/main/contracts/src/libraries/helpers/PoolHelper.sol#L149).
1. Liquidation is finalized by [taking](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-ajna/blob/main/contracts/src/ERC20Pool.sol#L403) the liquidated position. However, there's no check for whether the position is collateralized or not during taking.

The gap between "kicking" and "taking" may take up to 3 days, during which the LUP may increase and bring the position being liquidated above the liquidation threshold.
## Impact
Borrower's collateral may be falsely liquidated while its value being above borrower's debt, causing loss of funds to borrowers. The damage may be higher in ERC721 pools where collateral has a high price.
## Code Snippet
[Auctions.sol#L538](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-ajna/blob/main/contracts/src/libraries/external/Auctions.sol#L538)
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
Consider disallowing liquidations of collateralized positions and allowing borrowers to cancel liquidations and return their collateral.